Clarify the difference between collect and toList (#3276)
nextflow-io/nextflow: docs/operator.rst

    [1,2,3,4]
    Done

> The difference between ``toList`` and ``collect`` is that while ``collect`` produces

Reviewer: Let's put this in a note admonition. Also, I believe `collect` automatically flattens the input (check the collect section to confirm) so we should mention that here as well.

Author: It doesn't flatten the channel, but the outputs are indeed different.

```
Channel.of([1, [2, 3]]).collect().view { "collect: $it" }
Channel.of([1, [2, 3]]).toList().view { "toList: $it" }
```
The output is:
```
toList: [[1, [2, 3]]]
collect: [1, [2, 3]]
```

Reviewer: This is because of how you are initializing the channel with a single list item, you should either use `fromList` or remove the outer list brackets:
```
> Channel.of([1, [2, 3]]).collect().view { "collect: $it" }  
collect: [1, [2, 3]]

> Channel.fromList([1, [2, 3]]).collect().view { "collect: $it" }  
collect: [1, 2, 3]

> Channel.of(1, [2, 3]).collect().view { "collect: $it" }  
collect: [1, 2, 3]

# collect only flattens one level
> Channel.of(1, [2, [3]]).collect().view { "collect: $it" } 
collect: [1, 2, [3]]
```

    [1,2,3,4]
    Done

> .. note:: Difference between ``toList`` and ``collect``
> 
> The difference between the ``toList`` and ``collect`` operators is that while ``collect``
> produces nothing, when there is no input, ``toList`` produces an empty list. Besides,
> ``collect`` also flattens one level.``toList`` is
> equivallent to::
> 
>     collect().ifEmpty([])
> 
> Regarding the flatenning of one level, it can be seen with the following snippet::
> 
>     Channel.fromList([1, [2, 3]]).collect().view { "collect: $it" }
>     Channel.fromList([1, [2, 3]]).toList().view { "toList: $it" }
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note::
    There are two differences between ``toList`` and ``collect``:

    * When there is no input, ``toList`` emits an empty list whereas ``collect`` emits nothing.
    * By default, ``collect`` flattens list items by one level.

    In other words, ``toList`` is equivalent to::

        collect(flat: false).ifEmpty([])

```
